>> Nina Zakharenko: Remember
there's a safety option.
If you're doing a rebase, and before it's
done, if things are really going wrong you
can always use git rebase --abort.
Pulls the ripcord, cancels it,
and you're good to go.
Here is a pro tip that for some reason
I don't see a lot of people using,
but it's a great idea.
If you're gonna rebase, fixup, squash,
reorder, if you're gonna be messing with
your commit history, just make a copy of
your current branch before you do it.
Git branch makes a new branch
without switching to it.
Now, you can rebase to
do whatever you want.
If you mess up, you can always reset
back to that backup branch, otherwise,
just delete it.
Rebase doesn't have to be scary, this is a
really great way of playing around with it
without making your changes final or
permanent.
So rebase, incredibly,
incredibly powerful, you can slice and
dice your git history however you want to.
It's easy to fix previous
mistakes in code,
you can keep your git history neat and
clean.
>> Nina Zakharenko: This is particularly
important with a mantra of committing
early and often.
So you should try to commit as much as
possible while you're doing your work
because at any point you might lose
changes, you might forget something.
You might have to walk away, you come
back, and you're like, where was I,
what was I doing?
Commit early and often, and
locally rebase to your heart's content.
Once you're ready to share your
changes with your co workers,
they don't need to know you
made five commits in an hour.
You can just present them with the pretty
neat, clean history, and that's it.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
make sure you follow this mantra and
one thing you shouldn't do.
I've seen a lot of developers
do this is they use rebase to
squash all their commits into one commit,
don't do that.
That's really awful, makes it hard
to debug when a bug was introduced.
It makes it hard to code review,
so avoid that temptation
of I'm done with a feature,
let me squash these into one commit.
And again, a warning, never,
ever rewrite public history.
Rebase commits are copies, if other people
are working in that same repository,
they'd be working on different commits.
And you can cause some damage,
massive merge conflicts,
you can cause people to
really lose their work.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So if you rewrite
public history, monsters will eat you.
Not really, but
developers will be angry with you.
So now that you can see that
rebasing can get messy, but
if you understand the basic concepts
of how git works under the hood,
it makes the concept of
rebasing a lot simpler.